[ENG-3808] chore: google workspace delegation guides (#577)
amp-labs/docs: src/provider-guides/google-workspace-delegation.mdx

- A base64-encoded GCP service account JSON key file
- The email address of each Workspace user the integration needs to access / impersonate
- The list of OAuth scopes authorized for the service account in the Workspace Admin console

<Note>The scopes you send when creating a connection must be a subset of what the Workspace admin authorized in the Admin console (Security > API controls > Domain-wide delegation). Google's JWT bearer flow requires scopes to be declared in every token request and will reject the exchange if any requested scope is not authorized. The same also applies to the user's email - it is required when impersonating a user.</Note>

### Creating a connection per user

Each connection on Ampersand represents one user's access. Because domain-wide delegation can impersonate any user in the domain, you create one connection per Workspace user you want to sync — each connection shares the same service account key but carries a different user email. Builders typically create these programmatically via the [Generate Connection API](/reference/connection/generate-a-new-connection) in bulk.

> Here's an example of creating the connection for a user with email `user@example.com`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example API request body for creating the connection for a user with email `user@example.com`:
```
